Have it go to an HTML page that is flat notes about this--- other than intake form 

1.Assessment 
Image: Clip Board
Where does link go: This is going to go to a form that I am done with. If I have a lot of information about this I can have the link go to an HTML page. What are people going to see on the page.

I am going to write 3-4 paragraphs about Assessment process 

2. Easy-Fill Intake Form
Image: Form icon 
Where does link go: Intake form sheet for client

3. Objective
Image: Person/Client 
Where does link go: HTML page that would say, when a client clicks this link they can access the massage therapists objective notes (the O in SOAP) about themselves. 

The type of objective notes that a client could expect to see here could include:
Clinical observations derived from interview, palpation, visual exam, posture assessment, mobility, joint movement, skin color, muscle spasms, breathing patterns, active/passive range of motion.  

Vitals *Data Model 
BP: 139/75  
HR: 69 

Clinical Exam: 
No current asymmetry, swelling or bruises, but pain on lower back and restricted mobility in left hip. 


4. Personalized Plan Suggested By Your Massage Therapist 
Image: 
Where does link go: HTML page that would show the suggestions given by therapist to the client. (the P in SOAP. Personal plan page that only the client can see.

The type of notes that a client could expect to see here could include:
- measure progress
- review  records with the client to acknowledge progress
- teach self-care measures for clients to use at home between visits

5. Plan 
Image: 
Where does link go: Treatment options and self care exercises, reminders for next session. 

6. Subjective
Image: 
Where does link go: HTML page that would say, when a client clicks this link they can access the massage therapists subjective notes (the S in SOAP) notes that 

The type of subjective notes that a client could expect to see here could include: Current symtoms, how they feel, past history of illness or injury and any limitations, possibility of being pregnant, history of present illness, rate of pain level *Data Model 1-10 with 10 being the worst.  
