Issue Tickets on GitHub


1. look at the few bits of content on your prior site and legal project scenes
2. put the content into scenes on your new hype site file.
3. push exported html to beta folder.
4. invite reviews of beta folder by me and others who you trust.  then 
5. made a few updates if you want.  but only you make updates and only you control content and the site.  no mystery people doing mytsery things.  you own it.  you control it.  you manage it.  you take the money and do a dance.
GitHub Issue Tickets you should make now in your repo are:
1. port all content (unless you choose not to have it anymore or to update it) from old site to new site in hype then html.
2. port content from legal project site to new site under a NEW MENU item called "Legal Hackathon Project" or something like that.
3. Add Bio page under "About StoreWell"  new item.  Add photo and bio and link to your linkedin page there.



ok, i will create an index under the Website folder/directory that links to a html including my videos 


* work hard to make your hype working Prototype site better.   History seems to show that if you were here in Boston that would go way better.

* Worked hard to create a series of good videos. History shows that you can do this because the two videos you made already are quite good.

* spend a little time improving a one page summary of your idea and submit the first draft for round two entry in the final draft at the end of round two Friday night.

You could do all of this in a couple of really focused hours just by getting real Claire and real precise about targeted improvements to your height file targeted 30 or 45 second videos and targeted edits to a paragraph or two of text. However deeper work and strategic connections  with the relevant other projects related to identity and data sharing and legal agreements for example and also the other live videos with the event and also with the networking and reputation building and creating more of a footprint on the event website with the ABA can all serve your interests much more than just completing round two.

You know everything you need to know now anapproach and for expanding to the watch by Apple and for engaging with a law school on the legal aspects and for engaging with Hackathorn participants that d a hell of a lot more in order to make compelling videos of you making the case for your company and for your might want to join your team. There must be five compelling videos in the previous sentence. You can do five more investigating each function of your site and five more only on the make a plan and send it to your client function of your site and 5 more on the personal data approach of wanting to use a personal dat store. Along the lines that you wrote up in your class project you have the makings of everything needed to create several compelling videos and several great slides that you speak to which also can be videos or can be live presentations and also several buttons that you just making hype - the way I showed you - and thereby you can keep creating and expanding your working prototype to reflect the good ideas that you have picked up and applied to this licensed massage therapist and client context.

You don't have to make five videos on every topic you only need to make one or two good ones. And look how many great opportunities and options you have! 


. They might tell me they need help with One or two of those things and I might look at those and perhaps be able to help with one of them and add that to their issue ticket and they would see that without The need to have a meeting about it at all. That person might nail each one of the things that they are listed that they know that they have to do just the way I have listed for you the next few steps that you have to do to complete your site. You can do that for yourself. You can write it as issue tickets for each.  If you do it this way then you will see you can get more help for what you were doing for yourself and this is the way people in open Hackathons frequently take responsibility for their own projects and also make it possible for others to contribute. In your case it would be real handy to just enumerate the things you have to do to make your hype file a great working prototype and to list the videos you will make and how to make them great and to improve your one pager.

At minimum: That means you take your hype file and you make it good.  It means you take your idea and you write it down a little better and you hit the submit button on the form and call it round two submission.  It means you make a few videos. 


Videos can be just like the ones you did with your business model and the legal aspect which were terrific and have the next one to be about particular value propositions for the client and for other massage therapist you might want to use your app and as an example of a good use of technology and other great ankles like that.   With a few good videos and improved hype file and an even better description of your business that you can make if you're focused in time for submitting on Friday at the end of round two you will have a legitimately great project from this event. 

You can't submit a finished project at the end of round two if you haven't entered around two. I'm really struggling with understanding what you find confusing about entering round two. All you do is fill out the Google form and then hit submit ... Then: presto - you were in round two.  Once you have entered round to you were eligible to submit a final project for round two Friday night. Your opportunity between now and Friday night is to make some amazing video and to improve your hype file and to sharpen your one pager so that it reads better. 